Add note on how to view ENV Var/config settings (#537)
astronomer/docs: software/environment-variables.md

#### Confirm your Environment Variables were Applied

> By default, the Airflow Configuration values are hidden in localhost Airflow UIs. In order to view these settings in the Airflow UI, set `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__EXPOSE_CONFIG=True` in either your Dockerfile or `.env` file (local only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Airflow environment variables are hidden in the Airflow UI for local environments. To confirm your environment variables in the Airflow UI for a local environment, set `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__EXPOSE_CONFIG=True` in either your Dockerfile or `.env` file (local only).
```

> Alternatively, to confirm that the Environment Variables you just set were applied to your Airflow Deployment locally, first run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can run:
```
